We have to figure out how
Chris' transporter works.
Try typing in a different password.
I know! Maybe the password
Chris used was "Sonic."
Let's see...
Please work!
[All groan in disappointment]
I think we'd better face facts.
We'll never log into Chris' system.
Man, Chris made it impossible
for anybody to follow
him into Sonic's world.
He didn't want us to take the risk.
It'd be worth the risk to see
Sonic and the others again.
I wish Chris had talked
to us before he left,
so we could decide for ourselves.
I'm sure Chris is having a blast
in Sonic's world right now.
I wonder why Chris hasn't
tried to contact us yet.
I bet he's having so much
fun that he just forgot.
Probably.
Thanks for the help, guys!
Try not to worry.
DANNY AND FRANCES: Bye Helen!
Chris, I hope you're all right.
I miss you.
It doesn't look like there are
any Chaos Emeralds around here.
Chris, are you sure this
scanner is working okay?
Yeah, I am,
but there's a lot of interference
in this part of the galaxy.
Why is that?
It looks like this
entire region of space
has been warped by some kind
of bizarre gravitational force.
Do you think the Metarex
are responsible for this?
They probably are.
If the warping continues
at this rate,
it'll soon spread out across
the whole galaxy and beyond.
First the Metarex go around
stealing Planet Eggs,
and now they're bending outer
space all out of shape.
Those creeps!
Look! The sensors found something.
Those Metarex have to be
stopped once and for all!
Uh... huh?
[Beeping]
I think we found a Chaos Emerald.
Hey, Tails!
I see it. Ready to intercept.
Hey, look! Something's
coming towards us.
[Beeping]
It's a small asteroid.
The Chaos Emerald's
inside the asteroid.
I'll pull it in.
Weird-looking asteroid.
Hey! It's trying to move away!
That's no asteroid, you guys...
It's a spaceship!
Whoa!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
-Gotta go fast
-Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
We were afraid that you were
going to crush our ship.
I'm really sorry, but we thought
your ship was an asteroid.
Our ship is a highly
advanced space vehicle
with ion propulsion
engines and a hyperdrive!
Mm-hm.
So, what brought you to
this part of the galaxy?
Our world is sick, and we must
find somebody who can heal it.
I'm Lue, the ship's captain.
My name is Lylim.
And I am Momo.
It's nice to meet you.
You didn't happen to find a Chaos
Emerald during your trip, did you?
What's a Chaos Emerald?
It's a really beautiful gem about
this size, and it glows sometimes.
Hm?
Are you talking about this?
It's the Chaos Emerald!
They did find it.
Thanks a lot!
Uh!
What's the matter?
We didn't say that
you could have it.
ALL: Huh?
We spotted this gem during our trip,
and we thought it looked beautiful.
So we picked it up and
decided to keep it.
That's our Emerald!
Hand it over!
No! You can't have it!
We found it.
It belongs to us.
I want that Chaos Emerald now!
[Knuckles growls]
Whoa, Knuckles!
You're just making it worse.
Let's try to work it out.
Some of us are civilized
around here.
Fine! Then you get the Emerald!
That Emerald's important.
We really need it
to save the galaxy.
I'm sorry, but we like this gem.
We don't want to share it.
Please, give it to me.
ALL: Hmm.
Finders keepers!
Whoa!
This gem is more beautiful than
anything we've ever seen before.
We're going to take it home.
We can't wait to show
it to our friends!
[Muttering]
What'll we do now?
I don't see why we're taking
these pip-squeaks home
when they won't give
us the Chaos Emerald.
We want to find out why
their planet's sick,
and see if there's something
we can do to help.
Planet Marmolim is such a magical
place that once you visit,
you'll never want to leave.
We have fortune tellers, magic
charms, and even love spells.
You have love spells?
Yes, and they're
extremely powerful.
[Beeping]
What are we waiting for?
Let's go full speed ahead
to Planet Marmolim!
Uh... Sure, Amy.
Hey, everybody! They're back!
Thank goodness!
We're glad you're okay!
Welcome back!
We were afraid that we'd
never see you again.
I'm sorry if we worried you.
We're giving you this to
thank you for the ride.
It's about time.
Thanks, we really appreciate it.
So where can we find this
love spell you told me about?
Right this way, please!
Okay!
Come on, Sonic!
[Panting]
Amy! Wait!
Boy, is she hopeless.
Before we try that love spell,
let's go visit a fortune teller!
Well? Do we have a future together?
[Yawning]
[Crowd chatter]
They sell magic here?
Visitors used to come here
from all over the galaxy to
find out their fortunes,
or to buy magic charms,
'til our planet
started getting sick.
Hmm.
What do they sell at that stall?
They have charms and potions
that can cure anything.
You can find headache
amulets, hiccup remedies,
and even spells that
fight athlete's foot.
Chris, you have a problem
with athlete's foot?
No!
I'm not sure about this.
I've never had anybody
tell me my fortune before.
You can ask him any questions
you want about your future.
How exciting!
What do you think we should
ask him about, Cheese?
Chao!
Something's wrong here.
Their planet is sick,
but they don't seem to care.
Lue!
Greetings, Ghana.
The coins are clear.
They predict that you will soon
part with a large sum of money.
Do they say how much?
Yes, 10 Fleebos...
which is exactly what you
owe me for this prediction.
That's the same prediction
as last time I came here.
[Everyone laughs]
This is no time for jokes.
We have the power to look into the
future, but we cannot change it.
Our fate is already decided.
What will be, will be.
But...
I see you are always
rushing into action.
But your haste is going to cause great
sorrow to those who are closest to you.
These magic coins predict it.
[Gasp]
Wait, Cosmo!
Will she be okay?
Her future is too cloudy to
predict with any certainty,
but I do see romance in her future.
Strange...
Plants and animals
usually don't get along.
Huh?
Hey, slow down, Cosmo!
Don't let that fortune
teller upset ya.
After all, nobody can really predict
what'll happen in the future.
I've never felt so helpless
in my entire life.
I know I don't want to
harm you or our friends,
but that fortune teller
says I'm destined to.
Cosmo...
It can't be true. [Crying]
It'll be okay.
Wait!
Huh?
This is called Romance Rock.
Ooh, I love this place.
If you want the love spell
to join you both forever,
first you'll have
to break this rock.
Joined forever?
Oh, Sonic, I know we can break it!
I know it! Ooh!
Sonic and I will
never be apart again!
Here goes!
Huh!
Where's he going?
Huh?
Well, according to
this crystal ball,
you are about to do
something very foolish.
Hmm, something foolish?
Is there anything I
can do to stop myself?
There's only one thing.
Put this magic cloth on your head
and run through town
clucking like a chicken.
I'll try it!
Thanks! I hate making
a fool of myself.
That sounds pretty foolish to me.
Once again, Ghana's
prediction will come true.
That was Sonic.
Come back, Sonic!
Huh?
[Panting]
Where are you going?
We broke Romance Rock,
but we still have to go visit the
Lake of Love and Matchmaker Mountain!
[Panting]
Huh?
Amy would probably have better
luck if she didn't push so hard.
It's a pity you don't have anybody
to bring to Romance Rock.
Uh... I sort of do, but
she's back on my planet.
[Laughing]
I can tell you really
like her a lot.
So, what's her name, huh?
Hey!
[Laughter]
Hey, Chris!
Hey, what happened to Cosmo?
I though she went with you.
Huh?
Chao chao chao chao!
Hm. Is something wrong?
I want to save the galaxy from the
Metarex and help my new friends,
but it seems like I'm only going
to make things worse for everybody.
There you are, Cosmo.
I'm glad you're okay.
We were worried about you.
Chao chao chao!
[Laughing]
Hi, Cheese.
Thanks for checking
up on me, Cream.
You and Cheese are good friends.
After you left,
that fortune teller said that
most plant and animal species
don't get along as well as we do.
I wonder why they find
it hard to make friends.
I guess because we're so
different from each other.
In all the galaxy,
it's hard to find different kinds
of beings getting along together.
That's why Sonic and the
rest of you are special...
because you can make friends
with almost anybody.
If a friendship like ours is rare,
that makes it extra special.
Chao!
I feel the same way as you both do.
Sonic? Sonic? Sonic?
Maybe this means Sonic
doesn't like you so much.
That isn't true!
Whenever I get into trouble,
Sonic always comes
running to save me.
I'll never forget when we both
got back from Chris's world.
Sonic picked a flower for me.
He said, "This is for you, Amy."
Oh, Sonic!
Amy!
Huh?
Cosmo, aren't you curious if
there's romance in your future?
I guess so.
What are you waiting for?
Let's go!
You'll love it, Cosmo!
Chao chao chao chao!
[All laughing]
Soon your heart will
belong to another...
Hmmmmmmm.
You will be struck.
[All gasp]
Love struck.
[All giggle]
Cosmo, what's going
on with you and Tails?
I don't know what you mean.
Well, its obvious that you and
Tails really like each other.
Really, Amy, I don't know
what you're talking about.
Hmm. You're lying.
That isn't true, Amy!
I'm sure that Tails couldn't
possibly be interested in me.
I have a feeling he
finds me annoying.
If Tails doesn't like you,
then why are you two
always together?
Chao chao!
Forget about Tails and me.
How are things going
with you and Sonic?
Hmm.
What's the matter?
I'm sorry. I shouldn't
have brought it up.
[Laughing]
Everything will turn out okay,
because Momo gave
me a magical spell
so I can make Sonic mine forever.
Ha!
I'll catch Sonic in a trap, and
his heart will burn with love!
[Evil laughter]
What's all that stuff, Sonic?
The Marmolims gave me
these charms to protect me
when I try to save their world.
I guess it can't hurt.
There's some kind
of disease growing
underground where
the Planet Egg was.
You have to destroy it.
The only problem is there's
a lot of water in that area.
Water! Are you kidding?
Let's see...
The Marmolim who gave me this charm
told me it works against water.
[Chuckling]
Route all energy to the
Sonic Power Cannon.
Load the cannon and get
ready to fire at my command.
Here we go!
Proceed with takeoff.
Adjust cannon angle.
Sonic, get set for launch!
[Excited crowd babble]
Sonic Power Cannon, fire!
[All gasp]
[Crowd chatters with anticipation]
[Heartbeat]
Sonic did it!
I think it worked.
Sonic saved the planet!
ALL: Thank you, Sonic!
I thought this charm
was gonna keep me dry,
but if you ask me, it's all wet!
Whoa!
Somebody shut off the faucet!
[Excited crowd chatter]
What's wrong, Cosmo?
Why are you here by yourself?
Hi, Tails.
The Marmolims are really
happy their planet was saved.
You must be pleased, too.
I feel lucky to be working
with such terrific teammates.
Especially with you.
[Gasp] I didn't do anything.
You're wrong, Cosmo.
Huh?
You found us to help
you stop the Metarex.
Don't ever forget that.
You're not sorry you
found us, are ya?
[Gasp]
Of course I'm sorry.
How could you think that?
Oh! That came out wrong.
I mean, I'm not sorry I met you!
[Chuckling]
Don't worry. I know what you meant.
I'll see you later.
Hold on, Tails!
Ah! Whoa!
Ohh!
Huh?
Oh!
Whoa!
Aah!
Uh!
Ah...
Huh...
Whoa!
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
I wonder what that was.
Huh? Huh.
Wow.
You gave Amy a matchmaking spell?
It's the strongest one we have.
The couple dives into
the Lake of Love,
and afterwards, looks
at the full moon,
and then they'll be
joined together forever!
It sounds like Amy is finally
going to see her dream come true!
She can't fail!
Amy even set up a trap
so that she and Sonic
would fall into the lake
at the exact moment the moon rose.
[Laughter]
So they must be together right now.
Huh?
Thanks, pal.
This should hit the spot.
Sonic?
Huh?
Something wrong?
[Both giggling]
Every time I come up with a
way to capture Sonic's heart,
he makes a last-minute getaway!
This is totally unfair!
Grrr!!!
That trap was set for Sonic!
I wanted to get my romance rolling,
and now I have to watch you
two go gaga over each other!
This is outrageous!
Go find your own planet
to fall in love on!
Aaah!